(Music starts playing)
I believe that at the person level, there are 4 skills that I master.
especially when creating attractive designs that make navigation more pleasant
always taking from reference other designs that in my opinion are fabulous
Secondly, I believe that other skills are empathy.
Because in any type of situation, but mainly the difficult ones, I try to put myself in the shoes of others in order to help them as best as possible.
On the other hand, the third, I think it would be, the ability to work in a group.
Since I have always believed that the success of a job lies in sharing the necessary tasks among the different components of the group
And last but not least, would be project management.
where for me, active listening to the client prevails as long as you want to achieve satisfactory results when creating a project